{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf330
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\vieww15060\viewh16320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \shad\shadx20\shady-21\shadr48\shado123 \shadc0 Dry Dock for Oolite
\fs72 \shad0 \

\f1\b0\fs28 Version 0.08b (604-2)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1 Dry Dock for Oolite is a tool for manipulating ship models for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://oolite.aegidian.org"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 Oolite}}. This is a pre\'d0release for testing purposes.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 License
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 Copyright \'a9 2006 Jens Ayton\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \'d2Software\'d3), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \'d2AS IS\'d3, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs28 Version History
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.08b (v604-2)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Fixed problems with incorrect version numbers.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}The previous release implemented copying of messages from the Problem Report dialog, but the release notes failed to mention this.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Minor internal changes to support creation of command-line version.
\f0\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.08 (v604-1)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}DAT loading is now more efficient, performs more validation and can handle files without textures.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Partial support for Mac OS X 10.3.9 \'d1 you can open, save and convert models, but not see them.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}New custom file format. Not very useful yet. May not be forward-compatible.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Lots of bug fixes.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}More efficient internal representations of stuff.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}First-run stuff should now happen properly.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Started writing on-line help. In particular, there is now an error reference page available by clicking the help button in the Problem Report dialog.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Workaround for long warning messages being truncated under 10.3.9 \'d1 untested.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Compare is temporarily broken in this release.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}When saving as OBJ, the MTL file now ends up in the same director as the OBJ, not the directory with the original document.
\f0\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.07 (v602-2)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Compare dialog implemented.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}As side effect of testing OBJ export, fixed potential crasher in OBJ import (malformed files could specify out-of-range indices which weren\'d5t corrected properly).\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Added Smart Crash Reports support \'d0 if SCR is installed and Dry Dock crashes, the option is given to mail me the crash log. The option is provided to install SCR the first time you run Dry Dock. If you say no, you won\'d5t be asked again. If you say yes, you will be asked again if SCR is removed. Nothing is installed behind your back, so please don\'d5t include me in any SCR-bashing you feel like engaging on, m\'d5kay?\
{\listtext	\'a5	}First-run \'d2wizard\'d3 added. Asks previously-mentioned question regarding Smart Crash Reports, and (for first-time users) takes over the responsiblity of asking about version checks more elegantly than the old alert.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Changed automatic check-for-update frequency from once every ten days to once every two days.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.06 (v602-1)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Compare dialog implemented.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Implemented Scale tool.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Changed bundle identifier. This will result in preferences being reset.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Internal restructuring & bug fixes.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.05 (v601-4)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Generalised Undo support in twenty minutes. Cocoa rules. (Admittedly I spent several hours yesterday making meshes copiable and wouldn\'d5t be able to do this otherwise, but still.)\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Implemented new system for gathering and reporting \'d2issues\'d3 \'d0 diagnostic notes, warnings and errors regarding (for now) opening and saving.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Added Recentre and Flip commands.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 0.04 (v601-3)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}OBJ imporing.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Added triangulation support. DAT files are now always saved triangulated, but you can do it explicitly from the Tools menu if that\'d5s your idea of fun.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Corrected loading of non-72-dpi textures.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}\'d2Show\'d3 menu item status now updated correctly.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}You can no longer get more than one Open panel by re-activating the application.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Began work on Compare window.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Wireframe mode always uses yellow instead of face colour (which is otherwise ignored).\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Slightly less efficient texture loading which is not dependant on Tiger \'d0 this will make it into Oolite at some point.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Lots of texturing changes that aren\'d5t actually used, but will be rolled into Oolite at some point.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Improved several icons.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Internal infrastructure changes. Next version should be able to undo all destructive changes.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.03 (v601-2)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}No more pointless empty documents - brings up an Open dialog instead. Disabled equally pointless New command.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Universal build. Does it work on Intel-based Macs?\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Rotating things a lot no longer deforms them in interesting ways.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Once again rotate model to an interesting display angle on loading.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Consistently scale light position feedback thing.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}You can no longer switch off both wireframe and face rendering.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.02 (v601-1)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Much-improved \'d2virtual joystick\'d3 rotation. Trust me, this is good.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Error message instead of crash on pre-Tiger systems.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Feedback when rotating lights.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Reimplemented dragging (whee). The Rotate tool now works for general camera manipulation.\
		With rotate tool selected:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Dragging rotates the model.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Shift-dragging rotates the lights.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Command-dragging zooms.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl1\cf0 		With any tool selected, the same actions are available by using the option key or the right mouse button. (May change to third button if I implement contextual menus in 3D view.) Additionally, a (vertical) scroll wheel always zooms.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Got an icon (thanks, Murgh).\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Added version checking.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 0.01 (v512-1)
\f1\b0 : first release\
}